FastZonalUpdate property addition (#103638)
Azure/azure-content: articles/service-fabric/how-to-managed-cluster-availability-zones.md

   ```
   If you run in to any problems reach out to support for assistance.

## Enable FastZonalUpdate on Service Fabric managed clusters (preview)
Service Fabric managed clusters support faster cluster and application upgrades by reducing the max upgrade domains per availability zone from five to three.  

> The update should be done via ARM template by setting the fastZonalUpdate property to “fast”.  The Service Fabric managed cluster resource apiVersion should be 2023-01-01-preview or later

Reviewer: the property name is incorrect/doesn't match with the template

Author: updated

> The update should be done via ARM template by setting the fastZonalUpdate property to “fast”.  The Service Fabric managed cluster resource apiVersion should be 2023-01-01-preview or later

Reviewer: nit - spacing check

Author: done

```json
   "resources": [
        {
            "type": "Microsoft.ServiceFabric/managedClusters",

>             "apiVersion": "2023-01-01-preview",

Reviewer 2: You should check if this is indeed the latest API.

Author: checked latest API and have applied

            '''
            "properties": {
                '''
                "zonalResiliency": true,
                "zonalUpdateMode": “fast”,
                ...
            }
        }]
```

> If you run in to any problems reach out to support for assistance.

Reviewer 2: We should also talk about the need to update each nodetype after updating the cluster resource, to fix the UDs on existing nodetypes.

Author: Added

Reviewer 2: Please update this Abhay. We need to explicitly say that each nodetype needs to be updated for the new UD scheme to become effective. Then describe how to do it via the 2 steps you listed above in 2 & 3.

Author: done

   ```
   If you run in to any problems reach out to support for assistance.

## Enable FastZonalUpdate on Service Fabric managed clusters (preview)

> Service Fabric managed clusters support faster cluster and application upgrades by reducing the max upgrade domains per availability zone.  The default configuration right now can have atmost 15 UDs in multiple AZ nodetype. This huge number of UDs reduced the upgrade velocity. Using the new configuration the max UDs is reduced which results in faster updates, keeping intact the safety of the upgrades.   

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Service Fabric managed clusters support faster cluster and application upgrades by reducing the max upgrade domains per availability zone. The default configuration right now can have at most 15 UDs in multiple AZ nodetype. This huge number of UDs reduced the upgrade velocity. Using the new configuration, the max UDs are reduced, which results in faster updates, keeping the safety of the upgrades intact.   
```

> The update should be done via ARM template by setting the zonalUpdateMode property to “fast” and then modify a node type attribute such as adding a node and then removing the node to each nodetype.  The Service Fabric managed cluster resource apiVersion should be 2022-10-01-preview or later.

Reviewer 2: can you please rephrase to explicitly mention that this update has to be done for every nodetype for making the new sceme effective. Then talk about how to do it ?

Author: I added the statement:  'see step 2 and 3 below' since it states exactly what to do.

> The update should be done via ARM template by setting the zonalUpdateMode property to “fast” and then modify a node type attribute such as adding a node and then removing the node to each nodetype (see required step 2 and 3 below).  The Service Fabric managed cluster resource apiVersion should be 2022-10-01-preview or later.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The update should be done via ARM template by setting the zonalUpdateMode property to “fast” and then modifying a node type attribute, such as adding a node and then removing the node to each nodetype (see required steps 2 and 3 below).  The Service Fabric managed cluster resource apiVersion should be 2022-10-01-preview or later.
```

1. Modify the ARM template with the new property mentioned above.
```json
   "resources": [

>         {

Reviewer 2: You are still using different APIs:

The Service Fabric managed cluster resource apiVersion should be 2022-10-01-preview or later.

            "type": "Microsoft.ServiceFabric/managedClusters",
            "apiVersion": "2022-08-01-preview",
            '''
            "properties": {
                '''
                "zonalResiliency": true,
                "zonalUpdateMode": “fast”,

Author: updated and thank you !

            "type": "Microsoft.ServiceFabric/managedClusters",
            "apiVersion": "2022-10-01-preview",
            '''
            "properties": {
                '''
                "zonalResiliency": true,
                "zonalUpdateMode": “fast”,
                ...
            }
        }]
```

> 2. Add a node to the node type from a cluster by following the procedure to [modify node type](how-to-managed-cluster-modify-node-type.md) 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Add a node to the node type from a cluster by following the procedure to [modify node type](how-to-managed-cluster-modify-node-type.md). 
```

> 3. Remove a node to the node type from a cluster by following the procedure to [modify node type](how-to-managed-cluster-modify-node-type.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Remove a node to the node type from a cluster by following the procedure to [modify node type](how-to-managed-cluster-modify-node-type.md).
```

   ```
   If you run in to any problems reach out to support for assistance.

## Enable FastZonalUpdate on Service Fabric managed clusters (preview)

> Service Fabric managed clusters support faster cluster and application upgrades by reducing the max upgrade domains per availability zone.   

Reviewer 2: We need to be more descriptive about the configuration. 
Do add some background aswell: The default configuration right now can have atmost 15 UDs in multiple AZ nodetype. This huge number of UDs reduced the upgrade velocity. Using the new configuration the max UDs is reduced which results in faster updates, keeping intact the safety of the upgrades.

Author: ack done.  and added that each nodetype needs new schema

Reviewer 2: @abhayshah9 can you please rephrase to explicitly mention that this update has to be done for every nodetype. Then talk about how to do it ?

Reviewer 2: We should also mention why is the step 2 & 3 required.

Author: got it.  added and updated.

> The update should be done via ARM template by setting the fastZonalUpdate property to “fast”, adding a node and then removing the node.  The Service Fabric managed cluster resource apiVersion should be 2023-01-01-preview or later.

Reviewer 2: Abhay the property name is "zonalUpdateMode" not "ARM template by setting the fastZonalUpdate property to “fast”".

Author: this is already changed.

> The update should be done via ARM template by setting the fastZonalUpdate property to “fast”, adding a node and then removing the node.  The Service Fabric managed cluster resource apiVersion should be 2023-01-01-preview or later.

Reviewer 2: Not sure what you're trying to convey here: "property to “fast”, adding a node and then removing the node."

> The update should be done via ARM template by setting the zonalUpdateMode property to “fast” snd then modify a node type attribute such as adding a node and then removing the node.  The Service Fabric managed cluster resource apiVersion should be 2022-10-01-preview or later.

Reviewer 2: typo "snd"

Author: ack.  changed.

> The update should be done via ARM template by setting the zonalUpdateMode property to “fast” snd then modify a node type attribute such as adding a node and then removing the node.  The Service Fabric managed cluster resource apiVersion should be 2022-10-01-preview or later.

Reviewer 2: Can we use the same API version in the description and the sample template ?

Author: ack.  changed.

1. Modify the ARM template with the new property mentioned above.
```json
   "resources": [
        {
            "type": "Microsoft.ServiceFabric/managedClusters",
            "apiVersion": "2023-01-01-preview",
            '''
            "properties": {
                '''
                "zonalResiliency": true,
                "zonalUpdateMode": “fast”,
                ...
            }
        }]
```

> 2. Add a node to the node type from a cluster by following the procedure to [modify node type](./how-to-managed-cluster-modify-node-type.md) 

Reviewer 2: The description for for step 2 & 3 is not accurate. 

We need to convey that customers need to execute a "nodetype" update for every nodetype, so that the UDs on them are reconfigured to reflect the new configuration. 
The update itself could be any change on the nodetype property.

Author: thanks.  Added the info.

Author: updated.

3. Remove a node to the node type from a cluster by following the procedure to [modify node type](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-fabric/how-to-managed-cluster-modify-node-type)

> If you run in to any problems reach out to support for assistance.

Reviewer 2: "If you run in to any problems reach out to support for assistance."

We can remove this as it's obvious.

Author: ack.  done.
